videos-list/05-dario-hessam.md, before:

```txt

Speaker: Dario Caramelli and Hessam Mehr

Title: An alcohol? What are the chances! Knowledge-based and probabilistic models in chemistry using PyMC

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8n8XD-cB90

Event description: 
We have used PyMC to formulate an explainable probabilistic model of chemical reactivity. This probabilistic model combines the intuitive concepts of high school chemistry with the computer’s ability to store and reason about large datasets. We use our model in the lab, where it guides a robot chemist towards "interesting" experiments that might lead to the discovery of new reactions.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/an-alcohol-what-are-the-chances-knowledge-based-and-probabilistic-models-in-chemistry-using-pymc3-by-hessam-mehr-dario-caramelli/6018

## Timestamps
- 0:00 Start of event
- x:xx 
- x:xx

## Note: help us add timestamps here
https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker bio:
Dario Caramelli is a research associate in the Cronin group at the University of Glasgow. His research involves building and programming of autonomous robots for reaction discovery as well as the development of algorithms for chemical space modelling and data processing. Dario obtained a Master degree in Organic chemistry in Rome (2015) and a PhD in the Cronin group (2019).

-Twitter: https://twitter.com/dariocaramelli 
-LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/dario-caramelli-705250150

Hessam Mehr is a research associate in the Cronin group at the University of Glasgow’s School of Chemistry. He works with an interdisciplinary group of scientists and engineers to build robots and teach them how to do chemistry. Since he joined the group in 2018, Hessam’s main focus has been the integration of probabilistic reasoning with chemical robotics and discovery.

-Twitter: https://twitter.com/hessammehr
-GitHub: https://github.com/hessammehr
-Website: https://hessammehr.github.io/

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #probabilistic
```

Commit message:

add timestamps to 05 Dario-hassam (An alcohol?)

videos-list/05-dario-hessam.md, after:

```txt

Speaker: Dario Caramelli and Hessam Mehr

Title: An alcohol? What are the chances! Knowledge-based and probabilistic models in chemistry using PyMC

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8n8XD-cB90

Event description: 
We have used PyMC to formulate an explainable probabilistic model of chemical reactivity. This probabilistic model combines the intuitive concepts of high school chemistry with the computer’s ability to store and reason about large datasets. We use our model in the lab, where it guides a robot chemist towards "interesting" experiments that might lead to the discovery of new reactions.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/an-alcohol-what-are-the-chances-knowledge-based-and-probabilistic-models-in-chemistry-using-pymc3-by-hessam-mehr-dario-caramelli/6018

## Timestamps
- 0:00 Introduction Dario and Hessam
- 0:26 Digitizing chemistry
- 0:46 Automated synthesis
- 1:10 Automated discovery
- 2:50 Hardware
- 3:19 Starting materials
- 3:38 Reactivity assignment
- 4:54 How to infer reactivity?
- 5:58 Abstract properties
- 7:03 Coming up with a plan for a model
- 7:50 Algorithm: Mechanics
- 9:31 Working with chemical structures
- 10:05 Compound motifs
- 11:27 Simulating discovery
- 13:36 Algorithm: exploration
- 15:31 Limitations and Growing pains
- 15:45 Issues with performance
- 17:15 Problem specific to solving this
- 18:53 Acknowledgements


## Note: help us add timestamps here
https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker bio:
Dario Caramelli is a research associate in the Cronin group at the University of Glasgow. His research involves building and programming of autonomous robots for reaction discovery as well as the development of algorithms for chemical space modelling and data processing. Dario obtained a Master degree in Organic chemistry in Rome (2015) and a PhD in the Cronin group (2019).

-Twitter: https://twitter.com/dariocaramelli 
-LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/dario-caramelli-705250150

Hessam Mehr is a research associate in the Cronin group at the University of Glasgow’s School of Chemistry. He works with an interdisciplinary group of scientists and engineers to build robots and teach them how to do chemistry. Since he joined the group in 2018, Hessam’s main focus has been the integration of probabilistic reasoning with chemical robotics and discovery.

-Twitter: https://twitter.com/hessammehr
-GitHub: https://github.com/hessammehr
-Website: https://hessammehr.github.io/

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #probabilistic
```
