videos-list/12-michael-zhenyu.md, before:

```txt

Speakers: Michael Johns & Zhenyu Wang

Title: A Bayesian Approach to Media Mix Modeling

Video: https://youtu.be/UznM_-_760Y

Event description:
This talk describes how we built a Bayesian Media Mix Model of new customer acquisition using PyMC. We will explain the statistical structure of the model in detail, with special attention to nonlinear functional transformations, discuss some of the technical challenges we tackled when building it in a Bayesian framework, and touch on how we use it in production to guide our marketing strategy.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/a-bayesian-approach-to-media-mix-modeling-by-michael-johns-zhenyu-wang/6024

## Outline
- Marketing at HelloFresh
- What is a Media Mixed Model?
- Media Mixed Model: Structure & Function
- Bayesian model building workflow
- Model applications

## Timestamps
0:00 Outline of presenation
1:16 Marketing at HelloFresh (funnels, conversion, channels)
2:40 Measuring the effectiveness of marketing
5:00 Multivariate regression model

x:xx Help us add timestamps here: https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker info: 
Michael Johns is a data scientist at HelloFresh US. His work focuses on building statistical models for business applications, such as optimizing marketing strategy, customer acquisition forecasting and customer retention.

LinkedIn: N/A 

Zhenyu Wang is a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst at HelloFresh International. He works on developing and implementing methods to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns using analytic and statistical methods.

LinkedIn: N/A 

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #marketing
```

Commit message:

Add timestamps for video 12: Michael-Zhenyu Media Mix Modelling
### Reference
Toward #11 

### Description
Add timestamps for video 12: Michael-Zhenyu Media Mix Modelling

videos-list/12-michael-zhenyu.md, after:

```txt

Speakers: Michael Johns & Zhenyu Wang

Title: A Bayesian Approach to Media Mix Modeling

Video: https://youtu.be/UznM_-_760Y

Event description:
This talk describes how we built a Bayesian Media Mix Model of new customer acquisition using PyMC. We will explain the statistical structure of the model in detail, with special attention to nonlinear functional transformations, discuss some of the technical challenges we tackled when building it in a Bayesian framework, and touch on how we use it in production to guide our marketing strategy.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/a-bayesian-approach-to-media-mix-modeling-by-michael-johns-zhenyu-wang/6024

## Outline
- Marketing at HelloFresh
- What is a Media Mixed Model?
- Media Mixed Model: Structure & Function
- Bayesian model building workflow
- Model applications

## Timestamps
0:00 Introduction and outline of presentation
1:16 Marketing at HelloFresh (funnels, conversion, channels)
2:40 Measuring the effectiveness of marketing
5:00 What is Media Mix Modelling?
6:20 Structure of a Media Mix Model
7:51 Transformation functions (Reach function and Adstock function)
10:53 Benefits of using bayesian methods to build a Media Mix Model
13:07 Hellofresh's Media Mix Model structure
19:46 Geometric Adstock Function
20:54 Nonlinear Saturation Function
21:16 The bayesian MMM workflow
22:39 Applications of HelloFresh's Media Mix Model
26:41 Constrained optimization algorithm
29:18 Thank you!


Speaker info: 
Michael Johns is a data scientist at HelloFresh US. His work focuses on building statistical models for business applications, such as optimizing marketing strategy, customer acquisition forecasting and customer retention.

LinkedIn: N/A 

Zhenyu Wang is a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst at HelloFresh International. He works on developing and implementing methods to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns using analytic and statistical methods.

LinkedIn: N/A 

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #marketing
```
