videos-list/21-max.md, before:

```txt

Speaker: Max Sklar

Title: What is probability? A philosophical question with practical implications for Bayesians

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv2TvH7r6W0

Event description:
This talk will familiarize you with the philosophical questions of probability and the implications when it comes to justifying and explaining Bayesian models.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/what-is-probability-a-philosophical-question-with-practical-implications-for-bayesians-by-max-sklar/5986

## Timestamps
- 0:00 Start of event
- x:xx 
- x:xx

## Note: help us add timestamps here
https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker bio:
Max Sklar is a machine learning engineer and a member of the innovation labs team at Foursquare. He hosts a weekly podcast called The Local Maximum which covers a broad range of current issues, including a focus on Bayesian Inference.

Speaker info: 
-GitHub: https://github.com/maxsklar
-Twitter: https://twitter.com/maxsklar
-Website: https://www.localmaxradio.com/
-LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-sklar-b638464

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #probability #statistics
```

Commit message:

Add timestamps 21 Max Sklar, What is probability?
### Reference
Towards #11 
Closes #34

### Event
#DataUmbrellaPyMCSprint

videos-list/21-max.md, after:

```txt

Speaker: Max Sklar

Title: What is probability? A philosophical question with practical implications for Bayesians

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv2TvH7r6W0

Event description:
This talk will familiarize you with the philosophical questions of probability and the implications when it comes to justifying and explaining Bayesian models.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/what-is-probability-a-philosophical-question-with-practical-implications-for-bayesians-by-max-sklar/5986

## Timestamps
00:00 Introduction by Max
01:53 Assumptions regarding Bayesian knowledge
02:58 What is probability?
04:26 What this talk is about
05:49 First example: Does the ad work or not?
07:45 Another example: Election predictions
09:00 Subjective probabilities and believes
10:25 A probabilistic guess who
12:07 The dominant frequentists view
13:59 Controlled experiments
16:06 Bernstein-von Mises theorem
18:13 Exceptions to convergence
19:55 Non-parametric methods
20:29 Case vs class probability
23:25 The chance of something that has never happend before
24:02 Propensity theory
25:55 Credible (bayesian) vs confidence (frequentists) intervals
27:34 P-values
28:24 Being aware of different views on probabilities
28:53 Relative probability
32:37 4 quick take aways

Speaker bio:
Max Sklar is a machine learning engineer and a member of the innovation labs team at Foursquare. He hosts a weekly podcast called The Local Maximum which covers a broad range of current issues, including a focus on Bayesian Inference.

Speaker info: 
-GitHub: https://github.com/maxsklar
-Twitter: https://twitter.com/maxsklar
-Website: https://www.localmaxradio.com/
-LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-sklar-b638464

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #probability #statistics
```
