videos-list/27-cameron.md, before:

```txt

Speaker: Cameron Davidson-Pilon

Title: Microbial cell counting in a noisy environment

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oc6cgRwPEzU

Event description:
In this LBAM, we’ll introduce the microbiological task of cell counting and understand all the potential sources of error involved. We’ll model each source of error probabilistically, introduce priors, and then discuss inference on the posterior. Finally, we’ll explore how we can extend our model to use in a calibration curve for other instruments. Only basic probability theory is required for this LBAM.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/microbial-cell-counting-in-a-noisy-environment-by-cameron-davidson-pilon/5977

## Timestamps
- 0:00 Start of event
- x:xx 
- x:xx

## Note: help us add timestamps here
https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker bio:
Cameron Davidson-Pilon has worked in many areas of applied statistics, from the evolutionary dynamics of genes to modeling of financial prices. His contributions to the community include lifelines, an implementation of survival analysis in Python, lifetimes, and Bayesian Methods for Hackers, an open source book & printed book on Bayesian analysis. Formally Director of Data Science at Shopify, Cameron is now applying data science to food microbiology.

Speaker info:
-Github: https://github.com/CamDavidsonPilon
-Twitter: https://twitter.com/cmrn_dp
 
Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #probabilistic #statistics
```

Commit message:

add timestamps to video 27 cameron cell counting (#18)
closes issue #17 
relates to issue #11

videos-list/27-cameron.md, after:

```txt

Speaker: Cameron Davidson-Pilon

Title: Microbial cell counting in a noisy environment

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oc6cgRwPEzU

Slides: bit.ly/pymcon-cell-counting

Event description:
In this LBAM, we’ll introduce the microbiological task of cell counting and understand all the potential sources of error involved. We’ll model each source of error probabilistically, introduce priors, and then discuss inference on the posterior. Finally, we’ll explore how we can extend our model to use in a calibration curve for other instruments. Only basic probability theory is required for this LBAM.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/microbial-cell-counting-in-a-noisy-environment-by-cameron-davidson-pilon/5977

## Timestamps
00:00 Welcome by Cameron
00:29 The problem: How many cells are there in the culture?
01:34 Counting the numbers of cells - the hemocytometer
02:08 Dilution to make cell counting feasible
03:39 Preparing the sample
05:28 The progression of dilutions
07:07 Watching the hemocytometer through the microscope
09:21 The smartphone attached to the microscope
09:44 Calculating the number of cells
11:32 A counting process with many uncertainties
14:25 The bayesian solution
17:34 Illustration of the process with math annotations
19:11 Poisson approximation
19:39 The squares of the hemocytometer
20:10 Use binomial
21:30 Look at posterior - large uncertainties
23:44 Uncertainty is like sand - just moving it around
24:51 Concluding remarks

Speaker bio:
Cameron Davidson-Pilon has worked in many areas of applied statistics, from the evolutionary dynamics of genes to modeling of financial prices. His contributions to the community include lifelines, an implementation of survival analysis in Python, lifetimes, and Bayesian Methods for Hackers, an open source book & printed book on Bayesian analysis. Formally Director of Data Science at Shopify, Cameron is now applying data science to food microbiology.

Speaker info:
-Github: https://github.com/CamDavidsonPilon
-Twitter: https://twitter.com/cmrn_dp
 
Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #probabilistic #statistics
```
