videos-list/28-evdoxia.md, before:

```txt

Speaker: Evdoxia Taka

Title: Automatic transformation of Bayesian probabilistic models into interactive visualizations

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hadiSJRAJI

Event description:
Automatic transformation of Bayesian probabilistic models into interactive visualisations: models expressed in a probabilistic programming language are translated automatically into interactive multiverse diagrams, a graphical representation of the model’s structure at varying levels of granularity, with seamless integration of uncertainty visualisation. A concrete implementation in Python that translates probabilistic programs to interactive multiverse diagrams will be presented and illustrated by examples for a variety of Bayesian probabilistic models.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/automatic-transformation-of-bayesian-probabilistic-models-into-interactive-visualizations-by-evdoxia-taka/6015

## Timestamps
- 0:00 Start of event
- x:xx 
- x:xx

## Note: help us add timestamps here
https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker bio:
Evdoxia is a PhD student at the School of Computing Science of University of Glasgow since 2019. Her research focuses on the creation of novel representations of probabilistic models that incorporate animation and interaction for a more intuitive communication of the uncertainty in the variables of probabilistic models. She became a Python and Bayesian enthusiast ever since she started her PhD and she got a foot in the door of a whole new-to-her, but very charming world. Evdoxia completed her undergraduate and master studies in the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece as Electrical and Computer Engineer. She worked as a Research Assistant at the Centre for Research & Technology Hellas in Thessaloniki contributing to various national- and EU-funded research projects in areas such as computer vision, 3D reconstruction and simulation, machine learning. She has also worked as a Research Database Engineer for the HCV Research UK project at the Centre for Virus Research of the University of Glasgow.

Speaker info: 
-Twitter: https://twitter.com/evdoxiataka
-GitHub:  https://github.com/evdoxiataka

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #probabilistic
```

Commit message:

Add timestamps for video 28 Evdoxia Taka, Bayesian visualization

videos-list/28-evdoxia.md, after:

```txt

Speaker: Evdoxia Taka

Title: Automatic transformation of Bayesian probabilistic models into interactive visualizations

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hadiSJRAJI

Event description:
Automatic transformation of Bayesian probabilistic models into interactive visualisations: models expressed in a probabilistic programming language are translated automatically into interactive multiverse diagrams, a graphical representation of the model’s structure at varying levels of granularity, with seamless integration of uncertainty visualisation. A concrete implementation in Python that translates probabilistic programs to interactive multiverse diagrams will be presented and illustrated by examples for a variety of Bayesian probabilistic models.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/automatic-transformation-of-bayesian-probabilistic-models-into-interactive-visualizations-by-evdoxia-taka/6015

## Timestamps
00:00 Introduction by Evdoxia
00:32 Dissemination in Bayesian analysis: status quo
01:00 Limitations
03:07 Takeaway: Bayesian analysis communication
03:35 Representation of probabilistic models: DoodleBUGS, PyMC3, Kruschke-style Diagram
05:08 Interactive probabilistic models explorer (IPME)
05:26 IPME's purpose
05:56 Future: interactive probabilistic programming
07:08 Takeaway
07:44 Demonstration of IPME
08:03 A scenario in logistics: choosing the right truck driver using IPME
14:26 Who would benefit from IPME?
15:22 Standardizing the output of the probabilistic programming language (PPL)
17:26 Model definition in PyMC3
18:11 Inference & standardization of output
18:51 Takeaway
19:15 PPLs interface requirements for interactive visualizations
20:06 Extraction of parameters association
21:30 Semantic definition of shapes 
22:58 Takeaway

Speaker bio:
Evdoxia is a PhD student at the School of Computing Science of University of Glasgow since 2019. Her research focuses on the creation of novel representations of probabilistic models that incorporate animation and interaction for a more intuitive communication of the uncertainty in the variables of probabilistic models. She became a Python and Bayesian enthusiast ever since she started her PhD and she got a foot in the door of a whole new-to-her, but very charming world. Evdoxia completed her undergraduate and master studies in the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece as Electrical and Computer Engineer. She worked as a Research Assistant at the Centre for Research & Technology Hellas in Thessaloniki contributing to various national- and EU-funded research projects in areas such as computer vision, 3D reconstruction and simulation, machine learning. She has also worked as a Research Database Engineer for the HCV Research UK project at the Centre for Virus Research of the University of Glasgow.

Speaker info: 
-Twitter: https://twitter.com/evdoxiataka
-GitHub:  https://github.com/evdoxiataka

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #probabilistic
```
