videos-list/30-quan.md, before:

```txt

Speaker: Quan Nguyen

Title:  Bayesian Machine Learning: A PyMC-Centric Introduction

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7U8jhKtdBA

Event description:
At the heart of any machine learning (ML) problem is the identification of models that explain the data well, where learning about the model parameters, treated as random variables, is integral. Bayes’ theorem, and in general Bayesian learning, offers a principled framework to update one’s beliefs about an unknown quantity; Bayesian methods therefore play an important role in many aspects of ML. This introductory talk aims to highlight some of the most prominent areas in Bayesian ML from the perspective of statisticians and analysts, drawing parallels between these areas and common problems that Bayesian statisticians work on.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/bayesian-machine-learning-a-pymc-centric-introduction-by-quan-nguyen/5985

## Timestamps
- 0:00 Start of event
- x:xx 
- x:xx

## Note: help us add timestamps here
https://github.com/pymc-devs/video-timestamps

Speaker bio:
Quan is a Bayesian statistics enthusiast (and a programmer at heart). He is the author of several programming books on Python and scientific programming. Quan is currently pursuing a Ph.D. in computer science at Washington University in St. Louis, researching Bayesian methods in machine learning.

Speaker info: 
-GitHub:  https://github.com/KrisNguyen135 
-Website: https://krisnguyen135.github.io/

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #PyMC
```

Commit message:

Add timestamps for video 30: Quan on Bayesian ML (#31)
* wip: Adding timestamps for video 30

* Update timestamps

* Clean up

* Clean up descriptions

* Plural

Co-authored-by: yyyyuans <yuanli711@gmail.com>

videos-list/30-quan.md, after:

```txt

Speaker: Quan Nguyen

Title:  Bayesian Machine Learning: A PyMC-Centric Introduction

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7U8jhKtdBA

Event description:
At the heart of any machine learning (ML) problem is the identification of models that explain the data well, where learning about the model parameters, treated as random variables, is integral. Bayes’ theorem, and in general Bayesian learning, offers a principled framework to update one’s beliefs about an unknown quantity; Bayesian methods therefore play an important role in many aspects of ML. This introductory talk aims to highlight some of the most prominent areas in Bayesian ML from the perspective of statisticians and analysts, drawing parallels between these areas and common problems that Bayesian statisticians work on.

Discourse Discussion
https://discourse.pymc.io/t/bayesian-machine-learning-a-pymc-centric-introduction-by-quan-nguyen/5985

## Timestamps
00:00 Introduction by Quan
00:58 Agenda of the talk
01:39 Part 1: Bayesian Modeling 
02:43 The prior distribution
03:55 The likelihood function
05:07 Applying Bayes' theorem to make an inference
05:48 Using sampling techniques to approximate the integral
06:55 The posterior distribution
09:58 Applying Gaussian Processes (GP) to model a latent function
14:18 Defining hyperparameters of a GP model
16:15 What makes these Bayesian techniques unique to machine learning
17:07 Example: Linear regression using Bayesian techniques
20:52 Applying the Bayesian framework to neural networks
22:31 Part 2: Bayesian Decision Theory
23:50 Example: The price is right
24:57 The utility function
26:34 Visualizing the optimal decision
28:05 Example: The multi-armed bandit problem
31:39 The Bayesian optimal policy
33:03 The Upper-Confidence Bound (UCB) policy
34:24 The Thompson Sampling policy
36:56 Bayesian optimization: A framework to minimize costs
39:02 Applying Gaussian Processes (GP) to help identify the function maximizer
40:54 Using the posterior belief to approximate Bayesian optimal policies
42:20 Distribution of the true maximizer
44:28 Other Bayesian decision-making problems
46:27 Conclusion

Speaker bio:
Quan is a Bayesian statistics enthusiast (and a programmer at heart). He is the author of several programming books on Python and scientific programming. Quan is currently pursuing a Ph.D. in computer science at Washington University in St. Louis, researching Bayesian methods in machine learning.

Speaker info: 
-GitHub:  https://github.com/KrisNguyen135 
-Website: https://krisnguyen135.github.io/

Part of PyMCon2020. 
More details at http://www.pymcon.com  

#bayesian #statistics #PyMC
```
